https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ZJRLkILb68 # Avenge Sevenfold - A little piece of heaven
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3JyyroLwKEA # An feat - Amrita
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ZUoFPLlVQU # Creo - Sphere
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OLTLjrF3QUg # Natalie Walker - Crush
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dVlvRTqEEB4 # Natalie Walker - Waking Dream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gD1ALm1l2zw # Crywolf - Eyes half closed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X6ELpluyZyg # The Living Tombstone - This comes from the Inside
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f2bV87F9zrM # The Living Tombstone - It's been so long
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GW7jTcfbDd4 # Masahiro "Godspeed" Aoki - Frostbite
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1R4JcZbDvy8 # glass beach - Bedroom Community
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DFI6cV9slfI # alyankovic - Hardware Store
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C7Dl3fMX23M # Haatsune miku - Kotonoha Clinic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=phwvj0_XM4k # Polkadot Singray - Jet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m0X3p147Nxk # Jutes - Bad Dream 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E9tYFJJptE4 # Undead Corporation - No Filter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oIu1o536GmI # Waterflame - Thunderzone v2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HnoP9ASPVXc # Trysail - Utsuroi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WKLr1r8opYA # Fleur - Зов маяка
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0XnqcZx-0w4 # Chanmina - Voice Memo No.5
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8eEIMWopA5A # Fujun Club - Travel & Ferry
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n7VZxg9pxkg # 須田景凪 - 「veil」MV
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z6xkMvhymlk # Innocent Key - Lunatic Red Eyes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tEcggRukZCs # Maduk ft. Veela - Ghost Assassin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eKuCFk1j_Io # Nightwish - Escapist
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G6uDfiVeJm4 # S3RL feat. Tamika - Tell Me What You Want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MVQXcDHvESM # DJ Fresh ft. Ellie Goulding - Flashlight (Radio Edit)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Wlp-G-6M14 # Kikuohana - Nobore! Susume! Takai Tou
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dJpCLVezuYw # Trial & Error - Tokoyami no Keiyaku - SHOUJO
